abase,lower
abdomen,belly
abnormality,irregularity
abominably,dreadfully
abreast,side by side
abstemious,temperate
abstractedly,distractedly
abstruseness,mysteriousness
abuse,manipulate
abysmally,appallingly
accepted,usual
accidentally,fortuitously
accounts,financial statement
accouterments,accessories
accreditation,official approval
accuracy,correctness
acerbic,mordant
achiever,high flier
acquiescence,compliance
acquirement,gaining
acreage,land
additional,bonus
adherent,believer
adulterous,double-crossing
aeration,airing
affected,unnatural
affecting,distressing
affirm,pronounce
affordable,reasonably priced
afloat,floating
agile,lithe
agreed,decided
album,baby book
alcove,recess
Allie's,associates
allot,give
allotted,agreed
altered,changed
alternation,vacillation
alternative,different
altruistically,unselfishly
amateurish,crude
amiss,wrong
amongst,among
amortize,repay
amount,quantity
amputate,cut off
amputation,taking away
ancient,very old
angle,slant
angrily,furiously
annals,archives
annihilation,extermination
annoying,irritating
annuity,pension
antic,adventure
antithesis,reverse
antithetical,adversative
apathetically,indifferently
apogee,highest point
apology,explanation
apparel,clothes
apparently,rumor has it that
applied,useful
appreciably,palpably
apprehensive,worried
approach,deal with
appurtenances,paraphernalia
apropos,about
aptly,appropriately
arbitrary,illogical
arbitrator,judge
archdiocese,see
archway,pergola
armaments,missiles
armistice,settlement
arrangement,agreement
arranger,director
arrears,debts
arrived,indoors
arriving,incoming
artlessness,inexperience
askance,doubtfully
assassinate,kill in cold blood
assuage,moderate
astounded,flabbergasted
astral,stellar
astronomical,astrophysical
attendants,followers
attentiveness,special treatment
auditorium,audience
augmented,greater than before
auspices,patronage
auspicious,promising
authorities,establishment
average,mean
averse,unenthusiastic
awaken,promote
awkward,difficult to maneuver
bachelor,single
backache,bad back
backside,rear
backtrack,back down
balderdash,rubbish
balloon,helium balloon
bamboozled,confused
bandit,brigand
banish,send away
bankruptcy,liquidation
barometer,guide
bathtub,tub
bawling,crying
bearing,impact
beautiful,wonderful
becalm,rest
beckon,summon
bedclothes,comforter
before,previous to
beggar,tramp
belie,contradict
belongings,personal effects
below,not more than
benign,compassionate
benignly,kindly
betraying,informative
bewildered,taken aback
biennially,every other year
bifurcate,split
bigger,larger
biggest,largest
bigmouth,blabbermouth
bilateral,two-pronged
biology,ecology
blastoff,explosion
bleat,complain
block,check
blundering,clumsy
blunted,dull
bodywork,carcass
bonnet,sun-hat
bookshelf,ledge
booming,thriving
boorish,ill-mannered
borer,tool
borough,municipality
bountiful,unstinted
bowed,convex
bowls,crockery
boycott,impose sanctions
brassy,loud
bridle,check
briefcase,suitcase
brimming,overflowing
briny,salty
bronzed,suntanned
bruising,yellowing
brunt,burden
brushwood,kindling
brusque,curt
brutally,cruelly
brute,beast
buddies,followers
budge,shunt
bungle,make a mess of
bungling,unskilled
bunker,ditch
bunkum,hogwash
burble,go on about something
bureaucratic,ceremonial
bustle,activity
byway,side street
cackle,guffaw
cagey,evasive
callused,scratchy
calmed,pleased
camouflage,concealment
cancellation,abandonment
cannily,shrewdly
canter,trot
capacious,large
carnage,butchery
carryout,accomplish
casement,windowpane
case's,gear
cataloging,labeling
caustic,mordant
cavernous,echoing
cease,conclude
celebratory,triumphant
cellar,vault
cemented,covered
centralized,federal
chance,opportunity
chances,probability
changeable,unstable
character,reputation
charily,with awareness
Charity,kindness
charmingly,alluringly
chassis,skeleton
chastising,imprisoning
chatty,friendly
chauffeur,give somebody a ride
checker,organizer
checking,read-through
cheerlessness,dinginess
cherish,revere
childlessness,aridity
chime's,bells
chinos,wash pants
chintzy,gaudy
chirping,twittering
chitchat,chat
chore's,farm duties
chorister,chorus member
christening,launch
chubby,rotund
chuckle,chortle
circumstances,conditions
citizen's,society
civilization,people
civilized,elegant
civilly,courteously
clairvoyant,diviner
clandestinely,illegally
clanging,ringing
clannish,family
clasp,fastening
classless,equal
classmate's,equals
clench,scrunch
closeness,nearness
clutter,mess
coagulate,congeal
coalition,association
coating,varnish
coded,roundabout
coerce,compel
coexisting,contemporaneous
cohabit,share a house
colic,tummy pain
college,institution
collision,crash
colors,insignia
combustible,explosive
comeuppance,what you deserve
comically,ridiculously
commemorate,observe
comments,observations
commercial,money-making
commiseration,pity
companionable,friendly
comparison,evaluation
competency,proficiency
completing,carrying out
component's,workings
composition,arrangement
comprehensive,wide-ranging
computerize,mechanize
concerned,worried
concurrent,acquiescent
conflagration,fire
confluence,joining together
connected,together
conniving,scheming
connoisseur,enthusiast
conscientiousness,delicacy
conscript,recruit
consequential,resultant
consider,deliberate
consign,transfer
consoling,cheering
conspicuously,noticeably
constellation,gathering
contaminate,sully
contemplation,deliberation
content,make happy
contrast,draw a distinction
contrasting,distinct
contretemps,row
contrition,sorrow
coordinator,manager
copious,abundant
copycat,impressionist
corkscrew,curved
corpus,body
cosmological,astrophysical
costing,estimate
cottage,log cabin
counterbalance,balance
coupon,voucher
course,way
court's,bench
covered,roofed
covering,casing
covetous,envious
crassly,ridiculously
craving,appetite
Creator,designer
credence,weight
credentials,certificate
creditably,respectably
credo,principles
credulous,uncritical
crookedness,wickedness
crossroad's,turning point
culpability,responsibility
cultivated,refined
culturally,ethnically
curtly,brusquely
customer's,consumers
cuteness,good looks
dangle,sway
darken,grow dim
deactivate,neutralize
debasing,undignified
debut,introduction
deceit,pretense
deceptiveness,inaccuracy
decipher,work out
decipherable,readable
decomposed,musty
defame,offend
defeatism,loser mentality
defensive,guilty
defiance,boldness
defined,definite
definiteness,unwaveringness
dejectedly,miserably
deliciousness,attractiveness
deliverance,liberation
delude,mislead
denim's,wash pants
denizen,native
denotation,sense
densely,heavily
department,specialty
depravity,wantonness
deprecating,offensive
deride,disparage
derisive,scornful
derrick,platform
desegregate,reunite
deserter,renegade
desires,wishes
despairingly,miserably
desperado,crook
destabilize,threaten
deterrence,preclusion
developed,urban
device,contrivance
devices,diplomacy
dictum,instruction
differ,clash
difference,variation
dimness,softness
diploma,qualification
direct,preside over
directed,aimed at
directions,information
director,boss
dirtiness,griminess
dirty,soil
disapproving,judgmental
disapprovingly,contemptuously
disarrange,mess up
disciplined,restricted
discouragingly,unpromisingly
discoverer,explorer
disfigured,spoiled
dished,hollow
dishevel,unsettle
dishonestly,by corrupt means
dishonored,defiled
disillusioned,disenchanted
disincentive,lack of encouragement
disinclined,loath
disintegrate,split up
disinter,unearth
diskette,floppy
dismay,shock
disobliging,rude
disorganized,confused
disparaging,weary
disparate,unequal
dispenser,point
dispensing,providing
dispersal,diffusion
dispirit,cast down
displease,offend
dispossess,divest
disputable,arguable
disqualified,ineligible
dissatisfaction,unhappiness
dissect,analyze
distrust,disbelief
distrustfully,warily
disturbingly,distressingly
divan,sofa
divulging,sensational
docile,obedient
dogmatism,rigor
domain,field
donor,patron
downer,pity
downsize,downscale
downy,soft
drabness,plainness
drawing,depiction
dreamer,idealist
dreamlike,weird
dredge,scour
dressy,stylish
drills,military exercises
drink,taste
drizzly,wet
drool,slobber
drooping,loose
dryness,understatement
during,all through
dustiness,squalidness
dutifully,respectfully
dwindle,fade
dying,failing
earnestly,solemnly
easygoing,laid-back
eatable,palatable
eccentricity,idiosyncrasy
ecclesiastic,minister
ecclesiastical,clerical
edginess,shakiness
edible,not poisonous
electrifying,exhilarating
elongate,draw out
eloquence,articulacy
emaciated,wasted
emancipated,liberated
emasculated,feeble
embark,go aboard
embezzler,dishonest person
emblazon,splash
embody,symbolize
emission,emanation
emphasis,accent
emphatic,vigorous
empty,unfilled
enamored,charmed
encompassing,on all sides of
encouraged,positive
endearment,sweet nothing
enemy,rival
energizing,reviving
engender,stimulate
engraving,impression
enigma,mystery
enliven,cheer up
enormity,extent
entangled,knotted
entombment,committal
entrap,capture
entrust,commend
envelop,encircle
envoy,diplomat
ephemeral,transient
epithet,appellation
equably,steadily
equity,justice
eradication,obliteration
escalate,soar
eschew,steer clear of
establish,set up
estrange,set against
etched,carved
evacuation,migration
evict,force to leave
evidence,prove
evoke,stir up
exaltation,happiness
excellent,exceptional
except,apart from
exception,exclusion
excitedly,elatedly
excretion,flow
excruciating,awful
exhilarated,joyous
exigency,necessity
exile,?migr?
expandable,supple
expel,banish
explicate,spell out
expressionless,inexpressive
expressive,representative
extemporize,do off-the-cuff
extemporized,ad lib
extended,total
extermination,killing
extradition,expulsion
extricate,remove
exuberantly,raucously
eyeful,thing of beauty
fabrication,forgery
fabulous,amazing
facade,front elevation
facet,quality
facetious,tongue in cheek
faded,discolored
failure,stoppage
faithfulness,realism
faithlessly,disloyally
falls,cascade
familiar,traditional
famously,particularly
Farmer,planter
farming,undeveloped
fascination,lure
fashionably,modishly
faster,nearer
fatherly,protective
fatiguing,arduous
fatten,build up
favorably,fortunately
fearfully,uneasily
fetching,handsome
fighters,battalion
figure's,information
figurines,china doll
filmy,gauzy
filthiness,grubbiness
financier,supporter
firebrand,hothead
fireplace,fire
flabbergasted,astounded
flaky,blistering
flamboyance,splendor
flaming,angry
flask,container
flexible,bendable
flightiness,capriciousness
flighty,fickle
flirtatious,teasing
florid,baroque
fluffiness,flimsiness
flummox,flabbergast
fodder,feed
foolishly,unwisely
foolishness,silliness
footfall,step
forager,searcher
forebear,precursor
foregone,inescapable
forename,maiden name
forestall,anticipate
forested,wooded
forever,perpetually
forewarning,sign
formality,form
formless,amorphous
fortress,fort
fostering,development
fouled,ruined
fractional,incomplete
freebie,free go
freeloader,user
frivolities,goings-on
fudging,elusion
furtive,clandestine
fussbudget,worrywart
gaggle,throng
garbage,nonsense
gargantuan,massive
garland,wreath
garret,top story
garrulous,talkative
gaudiness,flamboyance
generality,simplification
generalization,sweeping statement
genially,warmly
genteel,refined
genuflection,bow
giveaway,good buy
glacial,cool
glibly,fluently
glibness,smoothness
gloom,obscurity
goggles,specs
governance,power
gracelessness,coarseness
grainy,gritty
grandparent,forerunner
grate,grille
grave,burial chamber
gravely,grimly
grenade's,bullets
griddle,grill
grime,dust
gripe,objection
gripes,heartburn
groom,tutor
grounding,preparation
ground's,justification
grumbler,complainer
grumbling,upset
guiltily,sneakily
gumbo,bouillabaisse
gutless,timid
guzzle,scoff
gyrating,circling
habitat,surroundings
habits,lifestyle
halcyon,heavenly
halfheartedly,lackadaisically
handgun,small arm
handout's,gifts
haphazard,messy
hapless,luckless
hardheartedly,uncaringly
hardheartedness,pitilessness
harmed,injured
harm's,tribulations
harness,utilize
hatch,insert
haughtily,conceitedly
hawker,marketer
headgear,headdress
headphone's,receiver
headstrong,reckless
health,shape
hearing,examination
hearsay,unconfirmed report
heartwarming,cheering
heavily,solidly
heavyweight,durable
heckle,boo
heighten,increase
helpfully,usefully
hiccup,hitch
higher,privileged
hiker,backpacker
hilltop,crest
historical,past
hoarse,raucous
hobble,shamble
hobgoblin,bad fairy
holdup,difficulty
honeyed,mellifluous
honoring,reverence
hoodwink,fool
hopefully,with a bit of luck
horrible,dreadful
housebreak,tame
hubbub,racket
hulking,large
humanizing,improving
humankind,people
humdrum,routine
humorless,solemn
hustle,bundle
hutch,cage
hypersensitive,touchy
ignored,unseen
imaginable,that you can think of
imbibe,absorb
imitator,impressionist
immaturely,babyishly
immediately,at once
immoderate,excessive
impatiently,excitedly
impeachment,accusation
imperceptibly,slight
imperfection,flaw
imperishable,never-ending
impinge,impose
implacable,hardhearted
implication,proposition
impoliteness,rudeness
importantly,significantly
importune,plague
impound,put in store
impoverished,on the breadline
imprecise,hazy
improbably,oddly
impulsively,on impulse
incisively,cleverly
incisor,fang
incompatibility,inappropriateness
inconspicuously,unassumingly
incorporeal,disembodied
incorrigibly,insuppressibly
increasing,rising
indecision,vacillation
indecisiveness,vagueness
indiscreetly,imprudently
indiscretion,misdemeanor
indulgently,adoringly
industrialist,manufacturer
industriously,assiduously
ineligible,disallowed
inevitability,predictability
inexorable,unalterable
infallibly,reliably
infamously,notoriously
infertile,barren
infinite,endless
inflames,alight
inflammable,combustible
infuriate,annoy
inheritor,heir
injunction,ban
inkling,idea
innuendo,allusion
insatiably,avidly
inscribed,decorated
insignia,sign
insincerely,disingenuously
insolently,impudently
insolvency,liquidation
instantly,right away
insubordinate,noncompliant
insular,narrow
intellectually,academically
intelligible,understandable
intensify,strengthen
interface,boundary
interlink,intermingle
interrogation,grilling
interrogative,inquiring
intriguingly,attractively
introspective,thoughtful
introvert,recluse
investiture,installation
inviolability,blessedness
inviting,appealing
invoice,send somebody a statement
involuntary,compulsory
irascible,short-tempered
irreparable,irreversible
irresolute,unsure
irretrievable,severe
irritability,bad temper
isthmus,neck of land
itinerant,traveling
jangle,clank
janitor,gatekeeper
jeopardy,difficulty
jersey,sweater
jettison,abandon
jewel,rock
jingoism,nationalism
jingoistic,nationalistic
jobless,out of work
joined,tied
joist,spar
jokingly,teasingly
juggler,magician
justify,give explanation for
keyhole,spy-hole
kindhearted,kind
kindle,rouse
kiosk,stand
kitschy,tasteless
knack,ability
labors,efforts
ladle,scoop
lagging,sheathing
lament,crying
lamentation,crying
lands,domain
lassitude,stupor
lateness,tardiness
latterly,in the last part
lawfully,legally
layered,covered
layout,describe
leakage,leak
learning,culture
lease,rent
leathery,tough
legatee,successor
legwork,spadework
leprechaun,sprite
lessee,lodger
lethargic,exhausted
lethargy,stupor
liberalize,loosen
liberated,open-minded
licentious,profligate
lifelike,authentic
lightened,sun-bleached
lightness,flimsiness
limitless,infinite
lingo,jargon
linking,between
links,associations
link's,family
liquefy,turn to liquid
listed,programmed
loathe,detest
loathed,abhorrent
lobbyist,asker
locks,mane
lofty,exalted
lopsided,unbalanced
loudly,at full volume
lounge,sprawl
lowbrow,popular
lozenge,tablet
lubricant,fat
lucidness,simplicity
lumpiness,bad finish
lusciously,deliciously
luster,sheen
luxuriate,soak up
machination,plot
machination's,intrigues
magistrates,courts
magistrate's,bench
maharishi,counselor
majority,margin
making,building
maliciously,spitefully
malignancy,melanoma
maltreated,ill-treated
manhandle,hustle
manliness,maleness
marauding,prowling
marina,yachting marina
marmalade,jelly
marooned,stuck
marred,blemished
marshy,soggy
martyr,sacrificial victim
masculinity,manliness
masterwork,stunning success
matchless,beyond compare
material,notes
materialism,avariciousness
materialistic,worldly
mathematical,algebraic
maturing,budding
maximum,most
measure,rate
mechanization,computerization
mediocre,middle-of-the-road
medium,standard
melodramatically,sensationally
member,limb
memoir,chronicle
merciful,gracious
meritorious,commendable
merrily,blithely
mesmerize,enthrall
mesmerized,awestruck
messenger,courier
method,mode
minerals,mineral deposits
minute's,record
mired,delayed
misbehave,behave badly
mischief,waywardness
mischievously,impishly
misdemeanor's,misbehavior
miserly,paltry
misinformation,propaganda
misstep,slip
mobster,hoodlum
mocking,derisive
modernistic,radical
moist,damp
monastic,simple
monies,duty
monstrosity,horror
moody,morose
motorboat,launch
mountaineer,climber
mourn,grieve
mournfulness,misery
mouth,backtalk
movable,changeable
muffle,dampen
muggy,warm
mumbled,muttered
mural,frieze
murmur,talk softly
mutton,venison
myopia,shortsightedness
mystification,incomprehension
narrate,report
nasty,grave
natal,biological
nattily,tastefully
naturalize,grow wild
nauseous,revolting
nautical,marine
naval,sailing
navigable,traversable
negatively,with a denial
neighboring,next
nervously,timidly
neurotic,overanxious
neutralize,deactivate
night,nighttime
nimble,dexterous
noisiness,unruliness
nomination,appointment
nominee,contender
nonaligned,impartial
nonbreakable,durable
nonchalant,blas?
nonplus,throw
nonrefundable,throwaway
nonsensical,illogical
nonstandard,unusual
noontime,the middle of the day
notched,serrated
nowadays,currently
noxious,deleterious
number,digit
numberless,innumerable
nursery,plant sales outlet
oasis,sanctuary
obedience,respect
obeisance,bend
oblivious,insensible
obnoxiously,repulsively
obscure,block out
obtuse,dull-witted
obviate,prevent
occasional,rare
occasionally,irregularly
occurring,in the works
oddness,peculiarity
offering's,gifts
office,personnel
official,authoritative
onslaught,attack
opinionated,dogmatic
opposition,challenger
oppressively,repressively
option,selection
optional,discretionary
opulence,richness
oratory,public speaking
ordain,establish
orderly,well-behaved
Orient,learn about
origin's,origin
ornament,decorate
ornamental,showy
orphan,stray
oscillate,alternate
outfits,fashion
outside,further than
outsmart,overcome
ovation,great reception
overcast,cloudy
overextend,go too far
overhaul,fix
overlie,cover
overpower,conquer
overruling,dominant
oversensitive,touchy
overstep,contravene
owner,title-holder
pacification,appeasement
packet,carton
palpable,blatant
paper,document
parallelogram,quadrilateral
parasite,leech
parcel,bundle
parcel's,correspondence
parishioner's,worshippers
parsonage,church house
partaker,participant
partnership,relationship
pastel,pallid
pastiche,imitation
pastime,distraction
paternity,parenthood
patrol,make the rounds
patronage,aid
patronizing,full of yourself
pattern,sample
payer,spender
pearly,lustrous
pedagogical,educational
peddle,advertise
penetrate,infiltrate
peppy,animated
perceptive,discerning
perceptively,understandingly
percussion,hitting
perfectly,impeccably
perfidy,betrayal
performer,architect
perished,corroded
perky,playful
permeable,holey
permissiveness,liberalism
pernicious,evil
personalized,tailored
personified,in material form
perspicuity,lucidity
persuasive,believable
pessimist,worrywart
Petty,inconsequential
phenomenally,astonishingly
philanthropist,generous contributor
photography,shooting
phraseology,word choice
physician,doctor
pickings,proceeds
picturesque,pictorial
piercingly,harshly
piggish,acquisitive
piling,strut
pimple,spot
pinnacle,peak
pinup,star
piteously,sadly
pitiless,callous
pivot,axis
plain,unadorned
plane,smooth
platonic,companionable
platoon,group
plays,the stage
plead,pray
pleasant,lovely
pleasing,lovely
pleasurably,pleasantly
plebeian,popular
plenteous,bountiful
pluckiness,stalwartness
plumb,utterly
plundering,preying
plunging,plummeting
pockmark,indentation
pompously,arrogantly
poncho,cape
ponder,brood over
pooled,collective
poppycock,foolishness
porch,overhang
possessive,selfish
potion,brew
potpourri,collection
practically,virtually
prearranged,approved
precarious,unstable
precinct's,area
predatory,rapacious
preemptive,defensive
preferred,ideal
prelude,preface
prescriptive,regulatory
press,push
presumption,boldness
presumptuous,audacious
pretext,cause
prettiness,cuteness
prevailing,existing
preventative,blocking
pricey,high-priced
princely,handsome
principle's,main beliefs
privation,neediness
processing,dispensation
profanely,sacrilegiously
professionally,well
programming,brainwashing
prohibitive,too expensive
prominence,eminence
pronouncement,declaration
propagate,publicize
propel,force
proper,genteel
property,material goods
prosaic,colorless
prospect,possibility
prospect's,prediction
prosper,flourish
protectively,warmly
protestation,avowal
protester,demonstrator
provenance,attribution
provide,grant
providence,divine intervention
providing,as long as
psychiatry,analysis
publicized,shown
pulley,crane
pulsate,pulse
pummel,strike
pureness,integrity
pushing,approaching
quaff,imbibe
quake,shake
quartet,foursome
questioningly,skeptically
quietness,quiet
quill,spine
quintessential,prototypical
rabble,common herd
raffle,draw
rakish,casual
rakishness,debauchery
rally,revive
rambler,walker
ramification,upshot
rangy,gangling
ranking,status
rapturous,joyful
rascal,scalawag
rashness,haste
rate's,tariff
ratifying,endorsement
raucously,roughly
reassemble,mend
reawakening,rebirth
rebellion,uprising
rebut,refute
recent,contemporary
reciprocate,return
recline,stretch out
reconsideration,re-examination
reconstruction,rebuilding
record's,account
rectory,residence
recurrent,persistent
redeploy,send
rediscover,find again
redolent,scented
reduce,lower
reduction,saving
reevaluate,have another look at
regalia,insignia
regularize,normalize
reheat,thaw
rejoice,express joy
rejoinder,retort
related,correlated
relent,cave in
relentlessly,inexorably
reliable,dependable
relic,leftover
reload,top off
remaining,left over
rematch,another game
remove,take out
remunerated,compensated
renovation,restoration
renter,lessee
reparation,recompense
repast,banquet
repellent,resistant
replicated,fake
reportedly,seemingly
repository,storage area
repressive,suppressive
reprimand,scolding
reprobate,troublemaker
reprocess,salvage
reproof,scolding
repute,standing
rerun,repeat
rescheduling,postponement
resident,inhabitant
residue,filtrate
resignedly,wearily
resort,alternative
respects,good wishes
respirator,ventilator
respire,inhale
resplendently,brilliantly
restive,restless
restock,refill
restore,renovate
result,upshot
resumption,recommencement
resuscitate,revivify
retell,repeat
rethink,move around
reticent,silent
retrenchment,economizing
revitalized,re-energized
revolutionize,transfigure
rework,redraft
rhythmic,regular
ribbons,streamers
riddle,pepper
ridiculousness,absurdity
rifle,rummage though
rights,civil rights
ringleader,inciter
riverside,shore
roadside,edge
roadway,thoroughfare
robe's,fine clothes
rogue,rascal
roofed,enclosed
roost,sleep
roughly,unevenly
rucksack,backpack
ruefully,humbly
ruggedness,austerity
rule's,regulations
rumination,thoughts
rumor,report
runoff,extra
rupture,division
ruthlessness,callousness
sanguine,hopeful
sanitarium,clinic
sapped,worn out
satiated,full
satirical,humorous
scabbard,cover
scalding,sweltering
scale's,balance
scheme,machinate
scholarship,erudition
school,teach
schoolgirl,child
scintillating,lively
score,notch
scrambled,twisted
screenwriter,dramatist
scrumptious,delightful
scrunch,crush
searing,intense
secrecy,mystery
sedate,stately
sedately,placidly
seeking,in quest of
segregate,set aside
seizure,spasm
selected,elected
selfishness,egocentricity
semicircle,arc
sensations,feelings
sense's,right mind
sensor,feeler
sentence,condemn
septic,festering
sepulcher,resting place
sequin's,tinsel
serendipity,kismet
series,run
setback,hold up
settle,descend
sewer,drain
shabbily,despicably
shaded,cool
shadows,darkness
shadowy,eerie
shaft,bar
shakedown,extract
shamble,amble
shamefulness,unworthiness
shattering,earth-shattering
shatterproof,durable
she'd,cast off
sheen,luster
sheepishly,shamefacedly
sheet,page
shirker,slowcoach
shoplift,filch
shores,coast
shortly,before long
shortsightedness,narrow view
shovel,spade
showily,flashily
shrub's,bushes
shutting,end
shuttle,ferry
sickly,wan
sidekick,associate
siege,blockade
siesta,rest
similarly,also
simile's,images
simply,austerely
sinner,malefactor
skewer,impale
skillfully,adeptly
skimpiness,stinginess
slackly,with a loose knot
slapdash,haphazard
slaughter,killing
sleazily,ignobly
sleekness,thinness
sleepily,fuzzily
slither,skid
slops,pig food
slouch,droop
smaller,less important
smarmy,creepy
smattering,modicum
smear,tarnish
smeared,grubby
smoky,opaque
smoothed,round
smugness,haughtiness
snipe,do down
snobbish,conceited
soaring,towering
social,shared
soloist,songster
solution,key
someplace,wherever
somersaulting,diving
somewhat,to some extent
sonata,opus
sophisticated,refined
sophistry,lack of imagination
soprano,penetrating
spared,safe
sparkling,luminous
specialization,area
specified,individual
speciously,inaccurately
spectator,onlooker
spectators,audience
speech,address
spellbound,fascinated
spherical,round
spine,vertebrae
spineless,cowardly
spinster,free
spiraling,growth
splintering,breakage
splurge,go on a bender
spoke,spar
spokesperson,voice
spokeswoman,lecturer
spotless,pristine
spotlessly,without a flaw
spotted,blemished
sprig,twig
spying,intelligence work
squandering,spendthrift
squirrel,stasher
staffing,conscription
stagnate,vegetate
stairway,set of steps
stalker,tail
stash,hoard
statistic,marker
statuette,figurine
steadiness,dependability
steamroll,smooth
steed,mare
steely,determined
stench,stink
stereotypical,clich?d
stickiness,gumminess
stigma,shame
stimulus,spur
stitching,edging
stockade,parapet
stoke,add fuel to
stomp,trudge
stoneware,ceramics
stool,bench
storeroom,lumber room
storming,attack
stout,solid
stranded,trapped
strengthening,increase
strongbox,safe deposit box
student,apprentice
study,examine
stuffily,priggishly
sturdiness,hardiness
sublime,transcendent
submit,surrender
subsequent,later
subsist,live
substratum,solid rock
substructure,bed
subsume,list
suburban,housing
succeed,make it
successively,one after another
succulence,tenderness
suffer,endure
sufferer's,wounded
sugared,syrupy
suggested,not compulsory
suited,apposite
sulkiness,moodiness
summit,peak
sumptuous,magnificent
supercilious,scornful
superstition,false notion
supplies,equipment
surely,indeed
surfeit,oversupply
surge,rush
surpass,best
surprise,bolt from the blue
surviving,extant
suspense,tension
suspenseful,fast-moving
suspicions,fears
suture,stitch
swashbuckling,blustery
swearword,curse
switch,thrash
sycophant,flatterer
synthetically,falsely
system,logic
tabulate,chart
taciturn,silent
takeoff,impression
tanned,suntanned
tantamount,practically the same as
tantrum's,grumpiness
tautly,straight
tawdry,crude
technology,equipment
Teddy,teddy bear
tediously,monotonously
teeny,microscopic
tenant,occupant
tenseness,tension
tepid,lackadaisical
terrifyingly,dreadfully
thank,be grateful
theatrical,over-the-top
therapeutic,remedial
thespian,theatrical
thing's,effects
thinly,delicately
thwart,put a stop to
ticklish,problematic
tightness,stiffness
timeliness,rightness
timidity,shyness
timorously,bashfully
tingly,smarting
titter,snigger
titular,ostensible
toadstool,mold
toboggan,sledge
toehold,footing
tolerable,fair
toneless,dull
tooth,pointed tooth
toothsome,delicious
topple,bring down
top's,nail clippings
trader,dealer
trailer,ad
trainee,beginner
transgression,wrongdoing
transmittal,payment
transmutation,transformation
transmute,metamorphose
transparently,obviously
transverse,oblique
trash,gibberish
travel,journey
traveler,tourist
treasury,reserves
trenchant,forceful
tributary,branch
trice,instant
trifling,inconsequential
trimness,compactness
trophy,plaque
truthfulness,faithfulness
turkey,failure
turning,rotary
turnover,income
tutelage,auspices
tweeting,chirping
twister,storm
twitch,shudder
ubiquitously,the world over
ulterior,concealed
ultimately,eventually
umpire,judge
unacceptable,improper
unaltered,unchanged
unassuming,unpretentious
uncanny,mysterious
uncoil,unravel
unconditionally,categorically
unconquerable,unattainable
uncontaminated,sterilized
uncontrollably,frenziedly
unconvinced,unimpressed
unconvincingly,feebly
uncooperative,stubborn
unctuous,groveling
undamaged,unharmed
undemanding,straightforward
undemonstrative,impassive
underneath,bottom
undernourished,weak
underpinning,keystone
understandably,justifiably
undertakings,events
underwater,undersea
undeveloped,emergent
undistinguished,indifferent
undivided,entire
unemotional,impassive
unequal,inequitable
unevenly,unequally
unevenness,roughness
unfaithful,untrue
unfaithfully,faithlessly
unfitting,tactless
unflattering,unappealing
unforgivable,unwarrantable
unfrequented,secluded
ungrammatical,faulty
uniform,standardized
unimpressed,uninterested
uninhabitable,in a state of disrepair
uninitiated,dilettante
uninterested,impassive
uninterrupted,incessant
uniqueness,exclusivity
unmarried,free
unnecessary,excessive
unnoticed,unobserved
unperturbed,in peace
unplanned,accidental
unpredictability,volatility
unprepared,unawares
unqualified,complete
unquestioning,automatic
unripe,green
unruffled,unflustered
unseat,depose
unsentimental,hard-bitten
unsigned,secret
unskilled,unskillful
unsnarl,detangle
unspoken,undeclared
unsteady,irregular
unsuitable,unbefitting
unsuitably,incongruously
untaught,uneducated
untested,experimental
unwarranted,unnecessary
unwittingly,unintentionally
unwrap,remove
upscale,chic
upsetting,displeasing
upshot,consequence
Urban,inner-city
uttermost,outermost
vacation,trip
vacillate,think twice
vagrant,drifter
validly,truly
valorous,brave
valuables,proceeds
valuation,appraisal
vanquished,beaten
variability,changeability
varied,different
vault,tomb
vehemence,enthusiasm
veiled,obscure
venomous,spiteful
veracity,sincerity
verbosity,wordiness
vetoed,prevented
vibration's,feelings
vigor,dynamism
villain,baddie
virtue's,merits
viscera,entrails
visibly,plainly
vocalization's,dialogue
vocational,employment
voice,accent
volatility,explosive nature
voraciously,ravenously
voter's,constituency
voucher,ticket
voyage,trek
vulture,scavenger
waning,declining
wannabe,aspirant
ware's,commodities
warren,lair
warring,war
wastefully,inefficiently
wastrel,spendthrift
watcher,outsider
watchfully,attentively
waver,vacillate
wayfarer,hobo
weakened,diluted
weakening,deterioration
wedlock,matrimony
weeping,lament
welcome,salutation
wherewithal,ability
whirling,turning
whirlpool,vortex
whisker's,body hair
whispered,thought
whopper,Goliath
wiggle,waggle
wiles,guile
wilting,bendy
windowpane,sheet of glass
windstorm,whirlwind
without,lacking
woebegone,despairing
woolly,imprecise
workers,staff
worrywart,fussbudget
worthily,commendably
wrest,extort
written,on paper
yearning,craving
youngster,youth
zealous,fanatical
zilch,zero
